# Spring Boot REST for Data Republic NY Cabs Analises

The goal of this application is to analyse how many trips a cab in
NY does in a day.


 

## To run the application locally
  - Install java 8
  - After cloning current repository run the app


```
   java -jar client-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar

```


  - I've chosen to run this application on port 8096, to run on a different port, change the port on client.properties.



```
   server.port=8096

```


## Usage

From the browser copying the link bellow.

- Example http://localhost:8096/swagger-ui.html For a full application documentation.

- There are 4 Methods for the cab analyses.
 - deleteMedaliumCache
   It just deletes all existing caches.

 - getMedalionsByDate
   Will return all Medalion trips for the date.
   Date input format is dd-mm-yyyy.
   You can also choose if you want to cache or not.

 - getMedallionsSummary
   Will return all Trips made by the medallions for the entered date.
   Enter an array of medallions by just typing in all medallions.
   Enter PickUpDate format is dd-mm-yyyy
   You can also choose if you want to cache or not.

 - postMedallionCsvFile
   Will return all Trips made by the medallions that exists on the .csv file
   based on medallion and dates.

   Choose the existing file from the base folder
    \simple-cab\server\resouces\cabTrip.csv
    You can also choose if you want to cache or not.









## Technical Overview



### MySQL

 - Schema name simple-cab.
 - Connection name : jdbc:mysql://localhost:3306/simple-cab?useSSL=false

 - Tables settings use default settings
 - The other columns will be generated by changing the application.properties file to
   spring.jpa.hibernate.ddl-auto=create after the first application run change
   this spring.jpa.hibernate.ddl-auto=update otherwise the tables will be created again
   and you will loose all previously entered data.
   Bellow are the Schema.tableNames used by this application:

   - `simple-cab`.cab_trip_data'


